The application connects to the AppDynamics SaaS product and pulls information from its public APIs. The goal is to output this data into an excel spreadsheet for the user to have so they can query the data in many different ways which they couldn't otherwise do in the user interface. The tool has come a long way but it is time to add more functionality.
First, I would like to add the ability to pull events for the applications the user selects, whether it is one, several or all applications. This should work similarly to existing functionality and take place in the iteration of each app's data being pulled. In the code you will see that for each application, various data points get pulled using respective functions, such as tiers, nodes, business transactions, etc. In that same iteration per app, I would like to pull events for the app as well. Whether or not events get pulled, should be controlled with a checkbox in the user interface. Currently we have check boxes for REtrieve APM, Retrieve all machine agent data and Retrieve transaction snapshots. I would like to add "Retrieve events from application(s)" in between Retrieve all machien agent data and Retrieve transaction snapshots. Then, similar to how the sections in the form operate currently, if "Retrieve events from application(s)" is selected, there should be a settings section for events like we have them for APM Options and Servers. There should be a section called Events that appears when the "Retrieve events from application(s)" checkbox is checked. The options for the events should contain event type which should be a multiselect, and how far back in minutes to look for events.
When the user submits the form to start the data extraction, if the option to collect events was selected, the code should execute a function to call the events API endpoint and pull the events matching the criteria the user selected in the form prior to submission. The data should be inserted into a Pandas dataframe and then aggregated into a larger events dataframe as subsequent applications get processed, similar to how this goes on for other data that is being collected. In the end, the events data should be written out to an "events" sheet in the output Excel worksheet.
Please follow code patterns used in the code, documenting the functions and code you create, and including debug logging using the DEBUG boolean like is being done elsewhere in the code. We will definitely need the ability to troubleshoot our work. API doc is available here: https://docs.appdynamics.com/appd/24.x/latest/en/extend-splunk-appdynamics/splunk-appdynamics-apis/alert-and-respond-api/events-api
